Which of the following defines the AI black box problem?A. A dangerous machine intelligence put in a digital prisonB. Machine intelligence making something illusory, like pulling a rabbit from a hatC. The challenge of understanding the inner workings of opaque systemsD. Not being able to know how something crashed or failed | C. The challenge of understanding the inner workings of opaque systems
Which of the following elements are important aspects of ethical integrity with regards to data? (Select two.)A. If the holders of data are trustworthy entities.B. If the data is commercially viable or monetarily valuable.C. Whether the data was gathered in an ethical manner.D. What type of data (audio, visual, etc.) is being collected and/or utilized. | A. If the holders of data are trustworthy entities., , C. Whether the data was gathered in an ethical manner.
Which of the following best describes why data is sometimes compared to oil? (Select two.)A. Data can be monetarily valuable.B. Data can damage the environment.C. Data can be easily monopolized.D. Data can fuel algorithmic technologies. | A. Data can be monetarily valuable., , D. Data can fuel algorithmic technologies.
At what point should ethical consideration ideally be applied to emerging technologies?A. Upon delivery, with appropriate warranties where necessary.B. During periodic reviews, with ongoing customer feedback solicited.C. From its inception, through maintenance, to applying foresight regarding its decommissioning.D. Once an ethical issue has received negative feedback in public media. | C. From its inception, through maintenance, to applying foresight regarding its decommissioning.
Which of the following describes dual-use or multipurpose data?A. Data that can be easily shared with a partner or family member for mutual enjoyment.B. Data that can be used in multiple devices or formats, such as a video on a Smart TV, tablet, and computer.C. Data collected for one application that could also be applied to another application in a different domain.D. Data that can be transformed into multiple forms, e.g. extracting audio from a video file. | C. Data collected for one application that could also be applied to another application in a different domain.
Which of the following are important ethical elements to safeguard within ethical AI systems? (Select two.)A. Accountability and management of bias.B. Transparency and explainability, balanced with privacy.C. The number of layers, tensors, or parameters used in a model.D. Performance and optimization. | A. Accountability and management of bias., , B. Transparency and explainability, balanced with privacy.
Which of the following is the generally agreed upon current state of the art of AI?A. SuperintelligenceB. Narrow AIC. Strong AID. Perceptrons | B. Narrow AI
Which of the following describe important aspects of why emerging technologies are so capable and powerful? (Select two.)A. They can automate very complex operations.B. They may be able to self-improve by learning from data.C. They are exciting and captivating to many people.D. They can displace workers by performing their jobs more efficiently. | A. They can automate very complex operations., , B. They may be able to self-improve by learning from data.
Management asks someone to do a data-related task. Which of the following would likely be ethically problematic? (Select two.)A. Aggregate data together.B. Change data to another format.C. Manipulate data or alter its interpretation.D. Delete any erroneous data. | C. Manipulate data or alter its interpretation., , D. Delete any erroneous data.
Which of the following describe important aspects in the role of an ethical AI engineer? (Select two.)A. Building and maintaining computational hardware.B. Writing new equations to express intelligence.C. Keeping up with the latest developments and vulnerabilities.D. Cleaning and sorting data, and auditing for bias. | C. Keeping up with the latest developments and vulnerabilities., , D. Cleaning and sorting data, and auditing for bias.
Which of the following, by itself, qualifies as personally identifiable information (PII)?A. Temperature readings for an office buildingB. A user's customer ID in an online ordering systemC. System events added to a logD. A user's home address | D. A user's home address
Why are groups like race and religion considered protected classes?A. These groups have been used as the basis for wholesale discrimination.B. These groups can be used to personally identify someone.C. People use these groups as the basis for their identities.D. Organizations are legally not allowed to collect information about these groups. | A. These groups have been used as the basis for wholesale discrimination.
Which of the following describes an opt-out policy in regards to the collection of private data?A. Data about the user is always collected, regardless of the user's consent.B. Data about that user isn't collected until that user explicitly states you are allowed to.C. Data about the user is never collected, regardless of the user's consent.D. Data about the user is automatically collected unless that user explicitly states that you should not do so. | D. Data about the user is automatically collected unless that user explicitly states that you should not do so.
Which of the following are key principles of privacy by design? (Select two.)A. Organizations must incorporate privacy protections throughout the project lifecycle.B. Organizations must keep the focus of privacy protections on the business rather than the user.C. Organizations must not expose the operational practices and technologies used to protect user privacy.D. Organizations must be proactive in protecting against privacy risks, not reactive. | A. Organizations must incorporate privacy protections throughout the project lifecycle., , D. Organizations must be proactive in protecting against privacy risks, not reactive.
What is the purpose of differential privacy?A. To only allow certain parties to access certain portions of the data.B. To enable parties to share private data without revealing individuals represented in the data.C. To remove the direct identifiers that can be used to identify individuals.D. To ensure the data is completely confidential and cannot be read by unauthorized parties. | B. To enable parties to share private data without revealing individuals represented in the data.
Which of the following describes the concept of liability?A. Answering for one's actions to an authority figure.B. Taking ownership of an assigned task.C. The legal responsibility for one's actions.D. The moral duty one has to take action. | C. The legal responsibility for one's actions.
What does it mean to call a click-through agreement a "contract of adhesion"?A. Both parties are equally responsible for ensuring the agreement is adhered to.B. One party is forced into a "take-it-or-leave-it" situation.C. One party is forced into using the service after agreeing.D. Both parties are legally bound by the agreement. | B. One party is forced into a "take-it-or-leave-it" situation.
Which of the following is a type of technology contract that establishes the goals of both parties and describes how those goals will be achieved?A. Software as a Service (SaaS)B. Service-level agreement (SLA)C. Terms of Service (ToS)D. End-user license agreement (EULA) | B. Service-level agreement (SLA)
How does a smart contract differ from a traditional contract?A. Smart contracts eliminate the need for a central authority.B. Smart contracts guarantee that all parties are anonymous.C. Smart contracts serve a different purpose than traditional contracts.D. Smart contracts are more effective than traditional contracts. | A. Smart contracts eliminate the need for a central authority.
How can a visual contract be easier to understand than a written contract?A. The use of pictures is more accessible to all people, whereas a written contract may be difficult for someone with a reading disability to understand.B. The use of pictures without any text makes it easier for most people to comprehend the details of a contract.C. The use of pictures with simple text makes it easier for the layperson to understand the details of a contract.D. The use of pictures explains the contract in greater detail than a written contract, making it easier for anyone to understand the particulars. | C. The use of pictures with simple text makes it easier for the layperson to understand the details of a contract.
What causes bias?A. Biases are caused by the opinions of our families.B. Bias is biological, we are born with it.C. Bias is caused by the media.D. Biases are learned from our families, our social groups, and the media. | D. Biases are learned from our families, our social groups, and the media.
What is the fundamental attribution error?A. When you believe your chances of experiencing something negative are lower and your chances of experiencing something positive are higher than others.B. When you believe your ideas are normal and that the majority of people agree with you.C. When you say your bad behavior is caused by the situation, but when other people display the same bad behavior, it is caused by a personality trait.D. When you incorrectly assume a cause and effect relationship for two correlated variables. | C. When you say your bad behavior is caused by the situation, but when other people display the same bad behavior, it is caused by a personality trait.
Which of the following are actions that can help combat implicit bias? (Select three.)A. Interacting with diverse groups of people.B. Surrounding yourself with others who have similar experiences.C. Cultivating awareness of your own biases.D. Exposing yourself to "counter-stereotypical" examples.E. Obtaining your information from the same one or two media sources that your family and friends access. | A. Interacting with diverse groups of people., , C. Cultivating awareness of your own biases., , D. Exposing yourself to "counter-stereotypical" examples.
When conducting an opinion poll, which of the following biases do you need to guard against the most when collecting your data?A. Correlation biasB. Modeling biasC. Misclassification biasD. Sampling bias | D. Sampling bias
Which of the following is an example of a cognitive bias?A. Correlation biasB. Modeling biasC. Misclassification biasD. Anchoring bias | D. Anchoring bias
Are criminal justice risk assessments race-neutral?A. No, the data is biased as it reflects historical bias.B. Yes, technology in itself is not racist.C. Yes, algorithms replace human judgement and they are unbiased.D. No, it is designed with intention to be unfair. | A. No, the data is biased as it reflects historical bias.
Which type of bias causes people to trust an automated decision-making system (ADS) over a human's decision?A. Automation biasB. Confirmation biasC. Complacency biasD. Implicit bias | A. Automation bias
How can confirmation bias impact us socially? (Select two.)A. It can prevent us from being social with other people.B. It can impede socio-political cooperation.C. It can lead to a diverse set of friends.D. It can lead to groupthink, which can in turn halt forward progress. | B. It can impede socio-political cooperation., , D. It can lead to groupthink, which can in turn halt forward progress.
Which of the following describes an illusory-correlation bias?A. When you incorrectly assume a correlation because there is an illusory confounding variable.B. When you correlate variables that do not exist in your data set.C. When you correlate a variable with a confounding variable.D. When you incorrectly assume a cause and effect relationship because two variables are correlated. | A. When you incorrectly assume a correlation because there is an illusory confounding variable.
Which of the following is one explanation for why cognitive biases exist?A. We use them to help remember things.B. We receive too much information and are overloaded.C. They are taught to us in school.D. They help us think logically instead of emotionally. | B. We receive too much information and are overloaded.
Which of the following is a formative ethics theory that states that maximizing happiness is the primary standard for determining what is right or wrong?A. Categorical imperativeB. UtilitarianismC. DeontologyD. Virtue ethics | B. Utilitarianism
Which of the following statements are promoted by the categorical imperative? (Select three.)A. Act in such a way that your actions may become a universal law.B. You have a moral duty to choose your actions based on their potential outcomes.C. Each person must use reason to will moral laws.D. Don't treat people as a means to an end; treat them always as an end. | A. Act in such a way that your actions may become a universal law., , C. Each person must use reason to will moral laws., , D. Don't treat people as a means to an end; treat them always as an end.
Which of the following statements accurately describes the philosophical concept of predeterminism?A. All events, past, present, and future, are determined in advance.B. All future events are determined by preceding events, as in a chain, but human beings may still be able to interfere with this chain of events.C. Human beings are able to make choices whose outcomes are not already determined.D. All events are predestined to happen by a supernatural force. | A. All events, past, present, and future, are determined in advance.
How do norms differ from morals?A. Morals involve value judgments; norms do not.B. Norms are universal to all cultures; morals are not.C. Norms form the basis for morals.D. Morals are collective; norms are more personal. | A. Morals involve value judgments; norms do not.
Which of the following are consequences of saying that someone or something has moral agency? (Select two.)A. The moral agent is capable of determining right and wrong.B. The moral agent can be held responsible for their actions.C. The moral agent acts in a morally correct manner.D. The moral agent follows a deontological code of ethics. | A. The moral agent is capable of determining right and wrong., , B. The moral agent can be held responsible for their actions.
Why is deciding how to act using moral reasoning not always a feasible goal for human beings?A. Most people are not educated on normative ethical theories and therefore cannot perform true moral reasoning.B. Moral reasoning is too complicated to apply to a real-world situation.C. Moral reasoning has few tangible benefits for most people.D. Human decision making is often influenced by emotion and not logic. | D. Human decision making is often influenced by emotion and not logic.
Which of the following statements are true regarding the purpose of moral psychology? (Select two.)A. Moral psychology seeks to understand why people act morally or immorally.B. Moral psychology seeks to understand how the human mind develops morality.C. Moral psychology seeks to understand the nature of what it means to be moral.D. Moral psychology seeks to understand what the best way to act morally is. | A. Moral psychology seeks to understand why people act morally or immorally., , B. Moral psychology seeks to understand how the human mind develops morality.
Which of the following is an example of applied ethics?A. Professional ethicsB. Moral relativismC. Virtue ethicsD. Pluralism | A. Professional ethics
Your organization has developed an AI system that recommends treatments for hospital patients. Some questions have been raised about the ethics of how these treatments are determined. What applied ethics domain do these concerns fall under?A. Environmental ethicsB. Business ethicsC. BioethicsD. Engineering ethics | C. Bioethics
What does it mean to say that human rights are inalienable? (Select two.)A. Inalienable rights are inherent in all human beings.B. Inalienable rights cannot be taken away except in extreme circumstances.C. Inalienable rights are conditional.D. Inalienable rights are derived from tradition. | A. Inalienable rights are inherent in all human beings., , B. Inalienable rights cannot be taken away except in extreme circumstances.
What does "ethics by design" mean?A. A creative design approach as the focus for ethics.B. An approach in which ethics is considered from the initial design stage.C. A reference to one of the tenets of engineering activism.D. A reference to the framework set forth by IEEE's Ethically Aligned Design. | B. An approach in which ethics is considered from the initial design stage.
Which of the following describes why explainability is important?A. It is necessary so that internal stakeholders can understand how a system works.B. It provides accountability and trust.C. It provides interpretations of a system's actions.D. It enables you to explain a system for shareholder purposes. | B. It provides accountability and trust.
Which of the following describes personhood?A. Personhood is often used to dictate how something is treated.B. Personhood is a concept that applies to narrow AI.C. Personhood is the legal protection provided to AI systems.D. Personhood is an individual's right to freedom. | A. Personhood is often used to dictate how something is treated.
Which of the following describe how adopting ethical practices can be a strategic differentiator? (Select three.)A. It will encourage applicants to apply for your company.B. It will ensure you comply with regulations.C. It will support the development of strategic partnerships.D. It will reduce your business obligations toward customers and business partners.E. It will build customer trust. | A. It will encourage applicants to apply for your company., , C. It will support the development of strategic partnerships., , E. It will build customer trust.
Which of the following best describes beneficence?A. Beneficence is a term coined by IBM that relates to their Green Horizons initiative in 2014.B. Beneficence is the promotion of efficient systems that perform rapidly and benefit companies.C. Beneficence is the promotion of well-being for moral agents like humans.D. Beneficence is the promotion of well-being, not just for moral agents like humans, but of animals, the environment, and societies. | D. Beneficence is the promotion of well-being, not just for moral agents like humans, but of animals, the environment, and societies.
What is the difference between beneficence and non-maleficence?A. Beneficence refers to "do only good" and non-maleficence refers to "do no harm."B. Non-maleficence refers only to malevolent artificial general intelligence (AGI), while beneficence can refer to any "good" emerging technology.C. Beneficence is a less important goal for the field of AI than non-maleficence.D. Beneficence and non-maleficence are quite similar and often interchangeable. | A. Beneficence refers to "do only good" and non-maleficence refers to "do no harm."
Which of the following are valid concerns regarding electronic personalities? (Select two.)A. That they would create unfair advantages, as not everyone has access to the same rights.B. That individuals would start applying for electronic personalities.C. That they will make it more difficult to access information.D. That they would absolve manufacturers of liability. | A. That they would create unfair advantages, as not everyone has access to the same rights., , D. That they would absolve manufacturers of liability.
Which of the following are ways to participate in engineering activism? (Select two.)A. Follow a code of ethics.B. Perform all tasks required of you.C. Engage with the public.D. Follow ethics by design. | A. Follow a code of ethics., , C. Engage with the public.
How can AI uphold justice?A. The more AI-based products being used in the justice system, the more justice can be upheld.B. AI systems can be designed from the start to help promote fairness and minimize bias.C. AI systems can replace human judges, who are often biased.D. AI can automate many of the clerical tasks involved in the justice system. | B. AI systems can be designed from the start to help promote fairness and minimize bias.
Which of the following are examples of how AI can limit human autonomy? (Select two.)A. Weapon systems can limit human autonomy as humans may not have decision-making capability or understand the decision making.B. AI systems might impact certain vulnerable groups such as the elderly and children differently than the rest of the population, which could limit those groups' autonomy.C. AI systems can assist individuals with automated, repetitive, or dangerous tasks.D. AI systems can perform tasks that humans cannot, such as processing millions of data records in a matter of seconds. | A. Weapon systems can limit human autonomy as humans may not have decision-making capability or understand the decision making., , B. AI systems might impact certain vulnerable groups such as the elderly and children differently than the rest of the population, which could limit those groups' autonomy.
Which school of philosophical thought primarily advocates for the greatest good for the greatest amount of people?A. Kantian ethicsB. UtilitarianismC. DeontologyD. Virtue ethics | B. Utilitarianism
Which type of entity are the OECD Principles on Artificial Intelligence mostly geared towards?A. Municipal governmentsB. Private corporationsC. National governmentsD. Individuals | C. National governments
Which of the following principles are most commonly cited in AI-based ethical frameworks?A. Happiness and spiritual contentmentB. Human control and autonomyC. Fairness and non-discriminationD. Transparency and explainability | D. Transparency and explainability
Which of the following frameworks primarily promotes human rights?A. The Montreal DeclarationB. The Asilomar AI PrinciplesC. The Toronto DeclarationD. The Beijing AI Principles | C. The Toronto Declaration
Which of the following best describes capability caution as referenced in the Asilomar AI Principles?A. Should there be a greater reliance on AI, measures should be taken to ensure that humans are still capable of finding work.B. We should keep limits on on what artificial general intelligence (AGI) is capable of.C. If there is no understanding of the internal mechanisms of AI, then AI development should be halted.D. Given a lack of consensus, we should avoid strong assumptions regarding upper limits on future AI capabilities. | D. Given a lack of consensus, we should avoid strong assumptions regarding upper limits on future AI capabilities.
Which of the following describes the principle of transparency in the context of AI systems?A. Transparency enables human observers to reproduce the decision-making process of an AI system.B. Transparency enables human observers to see inside the decision-making process of an AI system.C. Transparency enables human observers to tweak the decision-making process of an AI system.D. Transparency enables human observers to understand the decision-making process of an AI system. | B. Transparency enables human observers to see inside the decision-making process of an AI system.
Which of the following is a case study that best represents the principle of professional responsibility?A. The Asilomar AI Principles' definition of capability cautionB. The American Medical Association's definition of AI as augmented intelligenceC. The Beijing AI Principles' tenets about the use of AID. The IEEE Ethically Aligned Design's discussion on classical ethics | B. The American Medical Association's definition of AI as augmented intelligence
If you are attempting to build a new framework for the research and development (R&amp;D) of AI, which of the following frameworks might you look at first for its emphasis in this area?A. The G20 AI PrinciplesB. The Montreal Declaration for a Responsible Development of Artificial IntelligenceC. The American Medical Association's definition of artificial intelligenceD. The Beijing AI Principles | D. The Beijing AI Principles
In AI, the principle of privacy is most commonly referred to in the context of which of the following concepts?A. TransparencyB. Data protectionC. Human controlD. Personal protection | B. Data protection
Which of the following describes an ethical framework?A. Ethical frameworks apply meta-ethical theories to everyday business operations.B. Ethical frameworks consolidate regulatory requirements for an industry.C. Ethical frameworks raise timeless ethical questions that are not easily put into action.D. Ethical frameworks seek to mitigate ethical concerns by creating actionable steps. | D. Ethical frameworks seek to mitigate ethical concerns by creating actionable steps.
Why does the trolley problem pose an ethical predicament?A. The moral responsibility is split between you and the person controlling the trolley.B. You have to make a choice between two scenarios where choosing one leads to loss of life in the other.C. You as the actor don't have sufficient control over the circumstance.D. There are so many potential outcomes that it becomes difficult to choose one that is most ethical. | B. You have to make a choice between two scenarios where choosing one leads to loss of life in the other.
Which of the following ethical considerations should have priority in an emergency situation like the use of contact-tracing solutions during a pandemic? (Select two.)A. PrivacyB. BiasC. ExplainabilityD. Accountability | A. Privacy, , D. Accountability
In using AI-enabled solutions within the context of medical imaging analysis, which of the following is the most important ethical consideration?A. ExplainabilityB. PrivacyC. SecurityD. Bias | A. Explainability
If an AI-enabled system enables addictive behavior, which of the following makes for the most compelling argument to stop development work on that system?A. The user will share more data with the system because of increased use.B. There is a lack of accountability on the part of the user since they overuse the service.C. The process for obtaining consent has not been made transparent to the user.D. The system, as designed, acts counter to the well-being of the users. | D. The system, as designed, acts counter to the well-being of the users.
Why do smart toys raise additional ethical concerns over those that are raised in the course of other products and services that use AI?A. Children are more susceptible to manipulation and therefore need extra protective measures.B. The smart toys store personal data on the device, which can be stolen.C. It is difficult to obtain informed consent for the use of the smart toy.D. They are used in the privacy of homes rather than in public settings, like other products or services. | A. Children are more susceptible to manipulation and therefore need extra protective measures.
Which of the following software development principles is essential in the real-world deployment of AI-enabled software applications in critical scenarios like self-driving cars?A. Robustness to adversarial examplesB. Continuous integration and deployment of patch updatesC. Version control of the AI models deployedD. Architectural design analysis | A. Robustness to adversarial examples
Which of the following is the most important argument in favor of content moderation in online platforms?A. It prevents the spread of disinformation that can cause harm to vulnerable populations.B. It helps uphold freedom of expression for everyone and doesn't give anyone special rights.C. It creates adequate incentives for everyone to share their opinions.D. It prevents the development of monopolies in terms of content creators. | A. It prevents the spread of disinformation that can cause harm to vulnerable populations.
Why is the question of robot rights and emancipation one that isn't as important as addressing issues of bias, privacy, transparency, and other principles discussed in the various ethical frameworks?A. Humans are anthropocentric and don't want to extend rights to other sentient entities.B. These rights necessitate that robots become sentient entities, which is currently not feasible.C. Robots are mechanical instruments and therefore don't deserve to have rights.D. There is no legal precedent for granting rights to entities that are not humans. | B. These rights necessitate that robots become sentient entities, which is currently not feasible.
Which of the following is the most important ethical consideration regarding technical developments like deepfakes?A. They take away monetization opportunities, leaving individuals unfairly compensated for their data.B. They are built on technological progress made by a third-party organization.C. They violate data sharing agreements in many jurisdictions.D. They usurp a person's likeness and can then be weaponized against them. | D. They usurp a person's likeness and can then be weaponized against them.
Why are anonymization and pseudonymization insufficient protection measures against breaches of data privacy and security?A. They don't integrate well into data science and machine learning workflows.B. They only work in scenarios with particular kinds of personal information.C. They destroy the usefulness of the data.D. They can be broken by combining this data with other publicly available data. | D. They can be broken by combining this data with other publicly available data.
Which of the following are ways that regulations differ from ethical frameworks? (Select two.)A. Regulations provide a clear basis for potential litigation.B. Regulations have legal enforcement behind them.C. Regulations are flexible in their implementation.D. Regulations are often industry led. | A. Regulations provide a clear basis for potential litigation., , B. Regulations have legal enforcement behind them.
Your business handles the personal data of California residents. Which of the following regulations would enable a resident to request that their data be deleted from your company's files?A. COPPAB. OECD Privacy GuidelinesC. CCPAD. PCI DSS | C. CCPA
Which of the following does the Brazilian General Data Protection Act (LGPD) mandate? (Select two.)A. Data protection auditsB. Data protection analystsC. Data protection officersD. Data protection impact assessments | C. Data protection officers, , D. Data protection impact assessments
Which of the following is a standard or regulation that focuses on ensuring the implementation of strong cybersecurity techniques like network security and cryptography to protect data?A. PCI DSSB. PIPEDAC. POPID. FERPA | A. PCI DSS
Which of the following are requirements set forth by the Biometric Information Privacy Act (BIPA)? (Select two.)A. Organizations must obtain consent from individuals regarding the collection and use of biometric data.B. Organizations must store biometric data in local, on-premises databases.C. Organizations must destroy biometric data in a timely fashion.D. Organizations must not transmit biometric data across an unsecured network like the Internet. | A. Organizations must obtain consent from individuals regarding the collection and use of biometric data., , C. Organizations must destroy biometric data in a timely fashion.
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) safeguards the privacy of which age group's personal information?A. Anyone under 18 years oldB. Anyone under 13 years oldC. Anyone between 13 and 18 years oldD. Anyone between 5 and 13 years old | B. Anyone under 13 years old
Which of the following are advantages to adopting standards frameworks like ISO 27000? (Select two.)A. Formal certification processes that provide competitive advantageB. Regulatory weight and legal enforcementC. Technology-specific focus and precise implementation instructionsD. International support, recognition, and involvement | A. Formal certification processes that provide competitive advantage, , D. International support, recognition, and involvement
Which of the following is a notable aspect of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) when compared to similar laws and regulations?A. Its exclusive focus on a single domain rather than a breadth of domainsB. Its nationwide scope and specific national focusC. A stipulation to continue providing service even if data usage is deniedD. The early date of its inauguration | C. A stipulation to continue providing service even if data usage is denied
Which of the following resources does the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) provide to organizations?A. Industrial configurationsB. Measurement technologiesC. Reference materialsD. Security tools | C. Reference materials
Which of the following ethical domains does the IEEE 7000 series explore? (Select two.)A. Machine-readable privacy termsB. Fair competitionC. Emulated empathyD. Personnel safety | A. Machine-readable privacy terms, , C. Emulated empathy
Which of the following are important elements of the data minimization principle? (Select two.)A. Only delete data that can be easily replacedB. Only collect data that is strictly necessaryC. Only compress data that needs to be kept as small as possibleD. Only keep data for as long as it is needed | B. Only collect data that is strictly necessary, , D. Only keep data for as long as it is needed
Which of the following are logical arguments in favor of an organization maintaining compliance? (Select two.)A. Long-term cost savings due to avoiding finesB. Reduced time to deploymentC. Reduced costs of developmentD. Avoidance of reputational damage | A. Long-term cost savings due to avoiding fines, , D. Avoidance of reputational damage
How does increasing AI performance often conflict with the desire for explainability?A. Increasing AI performance sometimes reduces the transparency of input data used in training, making it more difficult to explain decision-making processes.B. Increasing AI performance sometimes leads to certain evaluation metrics no longer being useful, making it more difficult to explain decision-making processes.C. Increasing AI performance sometimes leads to greater model complexity, making it more difficult to explain decision-making processes.D. Increasing AI performance sometimes removes human-in-the-loop (HITL) methods, making it more difficult to explain decision-making processes. | C. Increasing AI performance sometimes leads to greater model complexity, making it more difficult to explain decision-making processes.
Which of the following explains why efficiency can sometimes incur systemic fragility?A. High-efficiency machines often require more maintenanceB. Increased efficiency tends to compound over timeC. Efficiency benefits may lead to complex second-order costsD. Increased efficiency tends to create cost savings | C. Efficiency benefits may lead to complex second-order costs
Which of the following are possible benefits of a human-in-the-loop (HITL) architecture? (Select two.)A. Improving the speed of autonomous decision makingB. Eliminating the potential for human error in decision makingC. Balancing the negative effects of an AI system on people with the effects on environments and objectsD. Mitigating excessive scope or potential collateral damage | C. Balancing the negative effects of an AI system on people with the effects on environments and objects, , D. Mitigating excessive scope or potential collateral damage
How does the "virtuous cycle" that benefits Big Tech operate?A. Better classes of customers lead to richer and more refined data for algorithmic systems.B. Organizations write algorithms with fewer biases, which leads to fairer outcomes.C. By acting virtuous, the public respects Big Tech more and more.D. Data-driven algorithms improve solutions, leading to new customers, and better data. | D. Data-driven algorithms improve solutions, leading to new customers, and better data.
Which of the following is often in opposition to moral relativism?A. Customs and conventionsB. Evidence-based policyC. Subjective perspectivesD. Cultural mores | B. Evidence-based policy
Which of the following are important aspects of resolving complex and confounding business pressures? (Select two.)A. Managing expectations that not everyone can get what they want, when they want itB. Prioritizing ethical and safety concerns over business desires in all cases and situationsC. Assuring everyone that their desires can be accommodated without compromiseD. Engaging with multiple stakeholders to understand their particular needs | A. Managing expectations that not everyone can get what they want, when they want it, , D. Engaging with multiple stakeholders to understand their particular needs
You plan on streamlining your company's product experience, but you also want to uphold the agency and autonomy of your users. Which of the following actions would uphold these principles? (Select two.)A. Enabling government agencies to have a personalized interface with softwareB. Refraining from guiding users into something they didn't wish for or intendC. Respecting the right of the user to choose and customize their experiencesD. Applying machine intelligence to simulate customer behavior | B. Refraining from guiding users into something they didn't wish for or intend, , C. Respecting the right of the user to choose and customize their experiences
Which of the following describe corporate hegemony? (Select two.)A. Consolidating interests through mergers and acquisitionsB. Locking out smaller players, leading to monopolies or cartelsC. Spending large sums on corporate branding and marketingD. Making multiple investments in a similar space to improve the outcomes of success | A. Consolidating interests through mergers and acquisitions, , B. Locking out smaller players, leading to monopolies or cartels
Which of the following are tasks in the overall risk management process? (Select three.)A. MitigationB. DeploymentC. IdentificationD. EliminationE. Analysis | A. Mitigation, , C. Identification, , E. Analysis
Which of the following risk analysis methods use words like "likely," "unlikely," and "rare" to describe the likelihood of risk, and words like "low," "medium," and "high" to describe the impact of risk? (Select two.)A. Qualitative analysisB. Quantitative analysisC. Semi-quantitative analysisD. Semi-qualitative analysis | A. Qualitative analysis, , C. Semi-quantitative analysis
Which of the following is not a valid risk response technique?A. TransferB. AcceptC. IgnoreD. Avoid | C. Ignore
Which of the following statements are correct about a variable that is normally distributed? (Select two.)A. Less than half of all measurements fall within one standard deviation of the mean.B. The mean, median, and mode of all measurements is the same, and all are located at the center of the distribution.C. The variable's distribution, when graphed, exhibits a symmetrical bell shape.D. The tails of a normal distribution are denser than the center. | B. The mean, median, and mode of all measurements is the same, and all are located at the center of the distribution., , C. The variable's distribution, when graphed, exhibits a symmetrical bell shape.
Which of the following statements accurately describes variance?A. Variance measures how much a variable's distribution differs from a normal distribution. B. Variance measures the shape of the tails in a distribution relative to the center. C. Variance measures how far a data example is from the mean.D. Variance measures the error between predicted values and actual values. | C. Variance measures how far a data example is from the mean.
In the following scatter plot, the GrossIncome variable is plotted against the Revenue variable. What type of correlation does this plot suggest?A. There is a weak positive correlation between both variables. XB. There is a strong positive correlation between both variables. C. There is a strong negative correlation between both variables.D. There is a weak negative correlation between both variables. | B. There is a strong positive correlation between both variables.
How do AI and other data-driven technologies use probability?A. By determining the objective likelihood of some event happeningB. By providing a model of belief about the likelihood of some event happeningC. By guaranteeing that some event will occur with 100% likelihoodD. By estimating the likelihood of some event happening without input data | B. By providing a model of belief about the likelihood of some event happening
You have a dataset of customers that includes each customer's gender, location, and other personal attributes. The label you are trying to predict is how much sales revenue each customer is likely to generate for the business based on these attributes. What type of machine learning outcome is this problem suited for?A. Classification B. Dimensionality reduction C. ClusteringD. Regression | D. Regression
You're training a model to classify whether or not a bridge is likely to collapse given several factors. You have a dataset of thousands of existing bridges and their attributes, where each bridge is labeled as having collapsed or not collapsed. Only a handful of bridges in the dataset are labeled as having collapsed—the rest are labeled as not collapsed. Given your goal of minimizing bridge collapse and the severe harm it can cause, which of the following metrics would be most useful for evaluating the model?A. RecallB. PrecisionC. Confusion matrixD. Accuracy | A. Recall
Which of the following metrics is used to evaluate a linear regression machine learning model?A. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) B. Cost functionC. Goodhart's Law D. Accuracy | B. Cost function